Create VME Retail Ltd guest post (#112)
EventStore/eventstore.org: _posts/2020-01-09-subscription-service.md

If Event Store is central to your system, there is a good chance you have a requirement to deliver events from here to other systems.

Examples of this might be:
1. Read model
2. Other bounded contexts (for eventual consistency)
2. External systems out of your control

The Subscription Service sits in between your Event Store and endpoints, and manages the delivery of these events.

This allows you to create routes for each stream (along with various configuration values).

One scenario we use at VME Retail is having a Subscription Service configured to deliver events to external systems. This means we can turn off delivery of these events by stopping the service, while continuing to consume events from other Subscription Services.

## Technical details

For anyone interested in the technical details of the Subscription Service, here is a quick overview:

1. Service will create the persistent subscription if it doesn’t already exist
2. Service will manage acking / naking of posted events.
3. User can easily override default http settings to customise posting (for example, if you need to include an authorisation token in your POST)

## Additional information

> The Subscription Service GitHub repository can be found [here](https://github.com/vmeretail/subscriptionservice "Subscription Service on Github")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code for the subscription service can be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/vmeretail/subscriptionservice "Subscription Service on Github").
```

> Nuget package can be downloaded [here](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EventStore.SubscriptionService "Subscription Service on Nuget")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package can be found [on Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EventStore.SubscriptionService "Subscription Service on Nuget")
```
